Flex Pricing (publish March 5) (#3659)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/manage/partitions-data-tiers/manage-indexes-variable-retention.md

description: With Multi-retention, you can create Index Partitions and Scheduled Views to store your data as needed, and set different retention periods for Partitions and Scheduled Views.
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

In managing your company's log data, it's crucial to recognize the diverse nature of data types, each potentially warranting distinct retention periods. For instance, sensitive information may necessitate a shorter lifespan for security purposes, while critical data like customer logins may require extended retention to support daily operations. Additionally, certain data serves a dual purpose, requiring availability for historical analysis and metric gathering despite not being accessed daily.

With Variable Retention, you can create Index Partitions and Scheduled Views to store your data as needed, and set different retention periods for those Partitions and Scheduled Views. This way, you can keep the data you need for as long as you need it, while other less important data can be retained for a shorter period, reducing your overall cost of operation.

> You set the retention period when you first [create the Partition](/docs/manage/partitions-data-tiers/create-edit-partition/#create-a-partition) or [Scheduled View](/docs/manage/scheduled-views), and you can also edit the retention period at any time in the future.

Author: ```suggestion
You set the retention period when you first [create the Partition](/docs/manage/partitions-data-tiers/create-edit-partition/#create-a-partition) or [Scheduled View](/docs/manage/scheduled-views), and you can also edit the retention period at any time in the future. 
```

> You establish the retention period during the initial [creation of the Partition](/docs/manage/partitions-data-tiers/create-edit-partition/#create-a-partition) or [Scheduled View](/docs/manage/scheduled-views). Additionally, you retain the flexibility to modify the retention period at any point in the future.

Author: ```suggestion
You set the retention period when you first [create the Partition](/docs/manage/partitions-data-tiers/create-edit-partition/#create-a-partition) or [Scheduled View](/docs/manage/scheduled-views), and you can also edit the retention period at any time in the future.
```
